Domain: Network Security   Question#1 
"Suppose I have a firewall that's supposed to block SSH connections, but instead lets them through. How would you debug it?"
  The first thing that I would do is check all traffic settings established within the firewall, see what priorities have been made. Then I would check all the inbound/outbound rules built into the NSG's, the Load balancers and the machines themselfs. I would also see what connections have been established for all of the vms.

"In Project 1, did you allow SSH traffic to all of the VMs on your network?"
  No I did not allow all ssh traffic to all of my VMs on my network. 

"Which VMs did accept SSH connections?"
  My Jumpbox had the lowest priority with port 22 open from 10.0.0.4 to my virtual network. While my Elk project had the next lowest priority with port 5601 and with my IP being the the only accessable entry. While there was a DenyAllinBound rule put in place for everything else.

"What happens if you try to connect to a VM that does not accept SSH connections? Why?"
  If the VM does not accept SSH Traffic then it doesn’t work. Either the pathway isn’t built, or there is a rule that is blocking traffic.

"Explain the Solution Requirements?"
If one of my Project 1 VMs accepted SSH connections, what would I assume the source of the error is?
  Unless I built it to operate that way on purpose, I would want to assume that rules that I put in place during the building of that VMs were sound. But, the rules built into the machines would be the first place that I check for error.
  
The general configurations that I would double check are the Priotirty ratings and then the Inbound and outbound rules, looking at the networking settings then the Connect/SSH settings.

"What actions would I take to test that my new configurations are effective?"
  I would pull up Gitbash and try to ssh in, double checking the allowable access through which ports, and check the priorities of all the rules put in place.
  
"The specific panes in the Azure UI that I would look at to investigate the problem?"
  I would look at the Virtual Networs, the NSGs and the LOad Balancers and then confirming the access Control.(IAM)
  And the Specific configurations and controls to check would be the Peerings between machines, the Inbound Security Rules, then looking at the containers built, the source Ips and the Destination and confirming the generated Key.
  
 "Does my solution guarantee that the Project 1 network is now "immune" to all unauthorized access?
  It should, no outside IP that I have not confirmed should have access or the ability to SSH in, but nothing and no one is infallible.
  
  
  Domain: CLoud Security 
  How I would control access to a cloud network? 
    I would limit any and all traffic to my network to have to go through the Jump box, then make sure that my Ip was the only accessible IP to that jump box. Controlling access to a cloud network with IAM, Identity and access Management. I would focus on policies and practices both physical and electronic. Put emphasis on monitoring unauthorized internal and external access, internal misuse, and try to eliminate any internal or external modification and outside. Putting specific emphasis on verifiable cyber threats. Stay ahead of the curve on vulnerabilities of the network and areas of opportunity.

 "In Project 1, I deployed a cloud network?
    Building my network and machines in Ansible.
    
 "For this project I had to configure access controls to this network?"
    I limited all inbound traffic through the JuMpBox that I created. I limited all inbound trafic to that juMpbox through my Local IP. through the configuration of the “Virtual Networks” the “NSGs” and the “Virtual Machines”  The network that I build in Ansible was fairly consistence with each machine but there was some variation that took shape from machine to machine.
  
 "All these details can relate to the interview?
    By Showing the different options available for developing an entire network let alone a single computer. That understanding the difference between on-site physical equipment and cloud services plays a huge role in how the network will take shape. It also plays a huge role in cost efficiency.
 
 In Project 1, I implemented a few access controls, thoswe being the Network security Groups around the Vnet, that mandated inbound outbound traffic into the network. I also built in a Load-balancer to  control the flow of data. Then mandated that a VM must use the same SSH keys as the other WebVM's and then added my public IP address to the whitelist. All of that together has any inbound traffic needing SSh keys to access to the VMS. The NSG’s that allows for limited TCP traffic over port 5601
 
 The jump box is relativily simple you need the correct command key, coming from my specific IP. once in the Jump box, one would still need the correct usernam and speci IP address to get into any VM.
 
 An Advantages of my solution, was that it wasn’t time consuming, But rebuilding one the VM is manageble, but to possibly rebuilding the entire network in real time could slow down a business greatly. 
    
 A disadvantages of implementing a VPN that kept me from doing it this timem was Cost and relitive size of the project. But an the advantages of a VPN is Security, shuts down almost any spying of your network, creates an understood pathway that keeps the company functional.

The use of VPN would be determined by size of the company and the cost that that company is willing to pay/   
    
Question 2: Corporate VPN
What are the advantages and disadvantages of using a corporate VPN, and under what circumstances is using one appropriate? 
1.	One of the advantages of using a corporate VPN, is the security. The pathways are established, basically you won’t have to deal with some of the GEO-restrictions and the idea of someone spying on you is little to none. The VPN also give you access to the web with  secure links, and flow of date can be legitimately faster if everything is done right, meaning you have the right tech to run the VPN. The main disadvantages of a corporate VPN is that is a real chance that speeds can slow down due to encryption, distance and if you are dealing with a wide variety of tech that may not match up. Cost is also a potential disadvantage.
1.	Provide a Concrete Example Scenario
o	In Project 1, which VMs did you have on the network?
o	A.) ElkProject1VM, JuMpBox-Pro, Web-1, Web-2
o	
o	Which tools did you use to control access to and from the network?
o	A.) Red_team3NSG and ElkProject1VM-nsg and Ansible container, SSH keys, Rules
o	
o	If you didn't use a VPN, what did you use?
o	A.) Red-Team3_LoaD_Balancer
o	
o	What disadvantage(s) did your non-VPN solution have?
o	A.) The flow of traffic between the VMs, was slower and bit more time consuming.
o	 
o	What advantage(s) did your non-VPN solution have?
o	A.) Security was stronger in my opinion, 
o	
2.	Explain the Solution Requirements
o	Would a VPN meet the access control requirements you had for Project 1?
o	A.) Possibly with the The VM had to use the same SSH Keys as the WebVM’s. 
o	
o	How would a VPN protect the network just as well, or better, than your current solution?
o	A.) VPN’s by nature create a secure tunnel for date to process through, VPN’s scramble all of the traffic in this tunnel with encryption. Which limits if not completely negates all outside monitoring. A VPN can and will encrypts all of the connections. 
o	
3.	Explain the Solution Details
o	Which Azure tools would you use to implement a VPN to your Project 1 network?
o	A.) Ansible Containers, SSH
o	
o	How would you onboard users to the new VPN system?
o	A.) Jump-box
o	
4.	Identify Advantages and Disadvantages of the Solution
o	In Project 1, would a VPN have been an appropriate access control solution?
o	A.) I believe that a VPN could work 
o	Under what circumstances is a VPN a good solution?
o	A.) level of traffic and amount of users, kind of the same thing.
o	
o	When, if ever, is a VPN "overkill"?
o	A.) Smaller companies, with limited need for access to the outside interent.
o	
Domain: Logging and Monitoring
Question 2: Challenges of Collecting Large Amounts of Log Data
What are the challenges of collecting huge amounts of log data? How do security analysts deal with them?
2.	“What are the challenges of collecting huge amounts of log data? How do security analysts deal with them.. The issue/challenges with collecting huge amounts of log date, is storage and processing. Does it make sense to store all of that date?

3.	Provide a Concrete Example Scenario
o	In Project 1, when did you deal with log data?
o	A.) first instance would be with the creation of the VMs, deciding how much storage capacity and processing capabilities to give the machines and deciding if it was cost effective. Understanding what to anticipate for on a daily basis, and then preparing for the worst.
o	
o	What kind(s) of data did you investigate?
o	A.) Log Nominal, ratio data. Followed by and mainly  or Processing and storage
o	
o	How much data were you dealing with?
o	A.) terabytes
o	
o	What were you looking for?
o	A.)
o	
4.	Explain the Solution Requirements
o	What information did you need to find what you were looking for?
o	A.) IP address, Command line, 
o	
o	What does an analyst need to analyze large amounts of log data to find this information?
o	A.)Proper equipment, Servers, firewalls Event log archiving/ analyzer , Flexible Log parser,
o	 
o	In Project 1, what tools did you use to analyze log data?
o	A.) Git bash, Ansible, Azure
o	
5.	Explain the Solution Details
o	How did you use these tools to find the log data? E.g., which charts, graphs, etc. were useful for parsing the logs?
o	A.)Yes, helped me to Organized the data and the systems, allows 
o	
6.	Identify Advantages and Disadvantages of the Solution
o	What kinds of data did you not inspect during Project 1?
o	A.) Physical options for Cloud replacement. 
o	
o	Would having access to this additional data have changed your process or conclusions? If so, how?
o	A.) possible, if I would have  had access to more security options, this could have changed the project.

 
